Document DHCP discovery (#774)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/creating_integration_manifest.md

}
```

## DHCP

> If your integration supports discovery via dhcp, you can add the type to your manifest. If the user has the `dhcp` integration loaded, it will load the `dhcp` step of your integration's config flow when it is discovered. We support DHCP discovery by the `hostname` and [OUI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organizationally_unique_identifier). The manifest value is a list of matcher dictionaries, your integration is discovered if all items of any of the specified matchers are found in the DHCP data. It's up to your config flow to filter out duplicates.

Reviewer: What does it mean to be discovered via dhcp? Is homeassistant just passively listening for dhcp broadcasts in the background for these?

> If your integration supports discovery via dhcp, you can add the type to your manifest. If the user has the `dhcp` integration loaded, it will load the `dhcp` step of your integration's config flow when it is discovered. We support DHCP discovery by the `hostname` and [OUI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organizationally_unique_identifier). The manifest value is a list of matcher dictionaries, your integration is discovered if all items of any of the specified matchers are found in the DHCP data. It's up to your config flow to filter out duplicates.

Author: ```suggestion
If your integration supports discovery via dhcp, you can add the type to your manifest. If the user has the `dhcp` integration loaded, it will load the `dhcp` step of your integration's config flow when it is discovered. We support passively listening for DHCP discovery by the `hostname` and [OUI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organizationally_unique_identifier). The manifest value is a list of matcher dictionaries, your integration is discovered if all items of any of the specified matchers are found in the DHCP data. It's up to your config flow to filter out duplicates.
```

If the integration supports `zeroconf` or `ssdp`, these should be preferred over `dhcp` as it generally offers a better
user experience.

> The following example has one matcher consisting of three items, all of which must match for discovery to happen by this config.

Reviewer: In this example case, it's quite confusing as it's impossible to meet the requirement of matching _all_ these mac addresses for a single device, is this intentional?

Author: I've updated the text to make it clear its passively listening.

> The following example has one matcher consisting of three items, all of which must match for discovery to happen by this config.

Author: ```suggestion
The following example has three matchers consisting of two items, all of which must match for discovery to happen by this config.
```
Thanks
I copied this and missed the numbers being wrong.  All fixed.

> The following example has three matchers consisting of two items, all of which must match for discovery to happen by this config.

Author: ```suggestion
The following example has three matchers consisting of two items. All of the items in any of the three matchers must match for discovery to happen by this config.

For example:

-  If the `hostname` was `Rachio-XYZ` and the `macaddress` was `00:9D:6B:55:12:AA`, the discovery would happen.
-  If the `hostname` was `Rachio-XYZ` and the `macaddress` was `00:00:00:55:12:AA`, the discovery would not happen.
-  If the `hostname` was `NotRachio-XYZ` and the `macaddress` was `00:9D:6B:55:12:AA`, the discovery would not happen.

```

}
```

## DHCP

If your integration supports discovery via dhcp, you can add the type to your manifest. If the user has the `dhcp` integration loaded, it will load the `dhcp` step of your integration's config flow when it is discovered. We support passively listening for DHCP discovery by the `hostname` and [OUI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organizationally_unique_identifier). The manifest value is a list of matcher dictionaries, your integration is discovered if all items of any of the specified matchers are found in the DHCP data. It's up to your config flow to filter out duplicates.

If the integration supports `zeroconf` or `ssdp`, these should be preferred over `dhcp` as it generally offers a better
user experience.

The following example has three matchers consisting of two items. All of the items in any of the three matchers must match for discovery to happen by this config.

For example:

-  If the `hostname` was `Rachio-XYZ` and the `macaddress` was `00:9D:6B:55:12:AA`, the discovery would happen.

> -  If the `hostname` was `Rachio-XYZ` and the `macaddress` was `00:00:00:55:12:AA`, the discovery would not happen.

Reviewer: Great, looks much cleaner now! One more nitpick, assuming the first entry matches, I think it's worth mentioning that the hostname checks are case-insensitive.
